So the scan is over now.
And you can see on the left here we have our website.
Clicking on it will show you some results of the spider
when it was looking for the files.
The very interesting part is the alerts here.
Right here you can see all the vulnerabilities
that have been discovered.
On the left here you can see that we have seven red flags.
So these are the high priority alerts.
We have three orange flags, and five yellow flags,
and zero blue.
So these are organized in the order of their severity.
Clicking on any of these categories will expand it
and show the threats that have been found related
to that thread.
For example, clicking on the path reversal
you'll see all the URLs that can be exploited
to read files from the server.
Clicking on any of these,
you'll see the HTTP request that was sent.
In order to discover this,
you'll see the response that why the tool thinks
that this is vulnerable.
And we can see that in the response,
the tool was able to get the contents
of ETC password.
Right here you can see the URL that the tool used
to exploit this vulnerability.
And in here, you can see a description
of what the current vulnerability is,
and how it has been exploited.
And here you can see the risk of it.
So this is very high
you can see the confidence so how confident
the tool about the existence
of this vulnerability, you can see that it's been injected
into a page and the attack is trying to get ETC password.
So let's try and right click on this and open it in browser
and as you can see now it exploited it for us,
and it showed us the output for this vulnerability,
and we can read the contents of ETC password.
And you can see that the exploit is being exploited
in this URL right here.
Let's have a look on another example.
For example, a cross site scripting
and again, the tool also checks for post and get parameters.
So sometimes when the parameter,
when the injection is sent into text boxes,
or even sent without text boxes,
if it's sent in a post parameter,
you won't see it in the URL.
So it actually checks for post and get
and you can see here it found a vulnerability
in a POST request and the register page
and it also found one in a get page.
Again, right click and open in browser
will execute for us
and we can see the code has been executed.
Again, we can have The URL of the execution right here,
if you want to use it with beef or any other tools,
and we can see it in here as well the URL that's being used
to exploit this vulnerability.
Let's just have one more example of an SQL injection.
Again, click on it, it will show you why it believes
that there is an SQL injection here.
It will show you the URL and it will show you
the attack that it used.
It used and one equals one
and it's in the parameter password.
And if you remember we actually did exploit this parameter.
Open in this in the browser will show us that the injection
has been is working and it's username
and a password called zap.
So the tool is very simple, very powerful and very useful.
You can play around with it you can play around
with the proxy and with the options
and see how you can enhance the results
and achieve even better results.